1. Sony Discontinuing PS5 Accolades As No One Used Them - Push Square Helpful

2. HBO’s ‘Industry’ Season 2 Has a Message for Bosses: Beware the Junior Bankers - The Wall Street Journal A cautionary tale for aging managers who get eaten alive by their underlings

3. Today I learned about Apple’s clever file-dragging trick for macOS - The Verge macOS has a built-in way to easily drag the document you have open in one app to another app, right from the title bar. Here’s some tips on how to use it.

4. Poll: Are You Happy With Your PS Plus Essential Games for August 2022? - Push Square Plus or minus?

5. Sega Genesis Mini 2 Stock Expected To Be In Short Supply Locally - Nintendo Life Global semiconductor shortages are to blame

6. Xenoblade Chronicles 3 Is Already Switch eShop's Top Seller, Unsurprisingly - Nintendo Life Switch players are "really feeling it"

7. Nintendo DS Firmware 'Prototype' Reveals System's Unique Boot Up Sound Effect - Nintendo Life It even works on "real hardware"

8. Someone Already Built P.T. in Halo Infinite's Forge... Before the Mode Is Even Out - IGN Halo Infinite's much-anticipated Forge Mode has yet to be released, but that hasn't stopped @DeathTempler from recreating P.T.'s terrifying hallway in an early version of it.

9. Apple overhauls iPhone checkout experience with larger images, focus on trade-ins, more - 9to5Mac Apple has given the iPhone checkout page on its website a major overhaul. The new design features larger images, quicker access to shopping assistance, and more. There’s also a bigger emphasis on trading in other devices, as well. The previous design for the …

10. Hidden icon found in Google Camera update suggests the foldable Pixel is back in play - PhoneArena An icon found in the Google Camera 8.6 update could indicate that development of the foldable Pixel handset is back on.

11. More Pixel 6a owners find that any fingerprint can unlock the phone - 9to5Google With the Pixel 6a now available, some buyers have noticed that any fingerprint is able to unlock their new phones in a worrying security...

12. Dr Disrespect's Call of Duty Competitor Is Getting Destroyed by Fans - ComicBook.com Empty description

13. The Star-Nosed Mole is one of Earth's most bizarre-looking creatures - Boing Boing My first thought when looking at this video of The Star-Nosed Mole was “I’m so glad those things aren’t the size of bears.” Even though these creatures are hamster-sized, though, their noses make t…

14. The Siege And The Sandfox is a sneaky 2D Metroidvania - Rock Paper Shotgun The Siege And The Sandfox is a 2D stealth Metroidvania coming in 2023, and its new trailer looks worth paying attention to.

15. Gran Turismo Announces Partnership With Dior, Adds Special Race Gear and Car to GT7 - GTPlanet A surprising new collaboration has been announced at the GT World Series Showdown, with luxury and fashion brand Dior joining forces with Polyphony Digital on an unusual project. It's the first ever virtual fashion project for Dior Couture, with the brand's a…

16. Tesla is about to launch customer pictures in space on SpaceX’s lunar orbiter mission - Electrek.co Tesla is preparing to launch pictures of its customer in space on SpaceX’s lunar orbiter mission with the Korea Aerospace Research Institute of South Korea. Back in 2018, Tesla had a referral program to help sell vehicles where owners could share a referral c…

17. UserBenchmark goes to war with AMD as Ryzen 5 7600X takes down Intel Core i9-13900 in single-core speed comparison - Notebookcheck.net The recent appearance of an AMD Ryzen 5 7600X engineering sample (ES) on UserBenchmark has sparked a series of events that has left the controversial synthetic benchmark taking cheap potshots at Team Red. The Ryzen 5 7600X even managed to outscore a Raptor La…

18. Daily Deals: Save on Nintendo NES and Super Mario 64 LEGO Sets - IGN Empty description

19. It's time for Amazon Drive users to move all their files or lose them - Android Police Empty description

20. Google is not shutting Stadia down - Engadget Contrary to what you may have heard in the past few days, Google says it’s not shutting down its Stadia gaming service..

