1. Gallimore Expecting DTs To “Make it Rain” in 2022 - DallasCowboys.com The Cowboys have established players at several positions but there is one spot where a host of young players are ready to flourish. Neville Gallimore and his fellow DTs are “absolutely” ready for breakout seasons.

2. Brandon Scherff gets no real excitement from facing Washington in Week One - NBC Sports It’s not quite Russell Wilson returning to Seattle, but Week One includes former Washington guard Brandon Scherff going back to FedEx Field.Scherff, a five-time Pro Bowler who spent seven years with Washington before finally hitting the open marker, was asked…

3. Time's up for Google Search's built-in timer - Android Police Empty description

4. FIRST DRIVE: NEW Ferrari Daytona SP3 - £2m, 828bhp N/A V12 Hypercar | Top Gear - Top Gear Empty description

5. Linux 5.19 Released - Linus Torvalds Released It From An Apple Silicon MacBook - Phoronix Linus Torvalds just released Linux 5.19 as stable for the newest version of the Linux kernel

6. They sing you lullabies, give heat massages and use cutting edge Nasa technology - Daily Mail Since the pandemic 60 per cent of people have reported an increase in sleep problems. Smart sleep masks are the new device claiming to help us sleep by enlisting the support of other senses

7. A TikTok Music app could challenge Spotify and Apple - The Verge TikTok’s parent company, ByteDance, filed a trademark application for “TikTok Music.” The filing describes the service as an app that lets users purchase, listen to, download, and share music.

8. New GTA 6 Report Confirms Leak From 2018 - ComicBook.com Empty description

9. Bungie disables Destiny 2 text chat due to massive exploit - Gamepur This whisper bug is causing crashes.

10. Intel Core i7-13700K has been overclocked to 6 GHz, allegedly scores 983 points in CPU-Z ST test - VideoCardz.com Intel Raptor Lake reaches 6 GHz clock We received screenshots which appear to show a 5.8-6 GHz CPU clock on a 16-core CPU. Two tests featuring alleged Core i7-13700K have allegedly been leaked. The first one shows the processor reaching 6 GHz with all 8 Perfo…

11. Daily Deals: Final Day to Buy Meta Quest 2 VR Headset Before the Price Increase - IGN Empty description

12. Wordle 407 hints for TODAY: Stumped by July 31 Wordle? Three CLUES to help with answer - Express WORDLE adds a brand new puzzle for Sunday, July 31, and it's another fairly tricky teaser. Fortunately, Express Online is here to help, courtesy of a selection of spoiler-free hints for July 31.

13. The Pixel 6A is getting an immediate update to make sure it's moddable - The Verge Google’s rolling out an update to the new Pixel 6A that will fix an issue preventing users from unlocking the bootloader on their device and performing mods.

14. Poll: How Do You Feel About Wave 2 Of The Mario Kart 8 Booster Course Pack? - Nintendo Life Kart's content

15. Game-changer for Excel: Free AI bot creates any Excel formula you need - BGR Building Microsoft Excel formulas doesn't have to be a daunting task anymore, thanks to this free AI bot available for anyone to use.

16. The top 9 hidden YouTube features you'll want to try - Android Police Empty description

17. Chinese-Made Zhaoxin KX-6000G CPU With GT10C0 Integrated GPU Features The Same Performance As NVIDIA’s GT 630 - Wccftech Chinese domestic chipmaker, Zhaoxin, is entering the realm of APUs with their first product, the KX-6000G CPU, offering a 1.5 TFLOPs GPU.

18. Weekend poll: Do you leave autoplay enabled in apps? - Android Police Empty description

19. Linux Mint 21 Released, This is What’s New - OMG! Ubuntu! The stable release of Linux Mint 21 “Vanessa” is now available to download. This is the latest version of the Ubuntu-based distro, and it carries a sizeable set of changes compared...

20. Dr. Disrespect Reveals ‘DEADROP,’ His FPS, Along With The First Real Gameplay Footage - Forbes I continue to be interested in the saga of Dr. Disrespect, his studio Midnight Society and his new game, which now has an official name, DEADROP, after previously being called Project Moon.

